#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
addict==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aiohttp==3.8.4
    # via kubernetes-asyncio
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.11.1
    # via jupyterhub
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
async-generator==1.10
    # via jupyterhub
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via aiohttp
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
cachetools==5.3.1
    # via google-auth
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   kubernetes-asyncio
    #   requests
certipy==0.1.3
    # via jupyterhub
cffi==1.15.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
coverage[toml]==7.2.7
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==41.0.1
    # via pyopenssl
escapism==1.0.1
    # via jupyterhub-kubespawner
exceptiongroup==1.1.1
    # via pytest
frozenlist==1.3.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
google-auth==2.19.1
    # via kubernetes
greenlet==2.0.2
    # via sqlalchemy
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   jupyterhub
importlib-resources==6.1.1
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   jsonschema
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyterhub
    #   jupyterhub-kubespawner
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-telemetry
    #   oauthenticator
jupyter-telemetry==0.1.0
    # via jupyterhub
jupyterhub==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterhub-kubespawner
    #   oauthenticator
jupyterhub-idle-culler==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterhub-kubespawner==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
kubernetes==26.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
kubernetes-asyncio==24.2.3
    # via jupyterhub-kubespawner
loguru==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mako==1.2.4
    # via alembic
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
oauthenticator==15.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   jupyterhub
    #   requests-oauthlib
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   jupyterhub
    #   pytest
pamela==1.1.0
    # via jupyterhub
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.17.0
    # via jupyterhub
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic-core==2.10.1
    # via pydantic
pyjwt==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyopenssl==23.2.0
    # via certipy
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via httplib2
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
pytest==7.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-cov
pytest-asyncio==0.21.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyterhub
    #   jupyterhub-idle-culler
    #   kubernetes
    #   kubernetes-asyncio
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-telemetry
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via jupyterhub-kubespawner
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   jupyterhub-kubespawner
    #   kubernetes
    #   kubernetes-asyncio
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   jupyterhub
    #   kubernetes
    #   oauthenticator
    #   requests-mock
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-mock==1.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via kubernetes
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
ruamel-yaml==0.17.31
    # via
    #   jupyter-telemetry
    #   oauthenticator
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.7
    # via ruamel-yaml
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   kubernetes
    #   kubernetes-asyncio
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-mock
sqlalchemy==2.0.15
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   jupyterhub
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pytest
tornado==6.3.2
    # via
    #   jupyterhub
    #   jupyterhub-idle-culler
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-telemetry
    #   jupyterhub
    #   jupyterhub-kubespawner
typing-extensions==4.6.3
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   annotated-types
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
urllib3==1.26.16
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   jupyterhub-kubespawner
    #   kubernetes
    #   kubernetes-asyncio
    #   requests
websocket-client==1.5.2
    # via kubernetes
yarl==1.9.2
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.17.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
